1. Consider that you are given with a data base of employee records (at least 5). Each
    employee record having following information –
    Emp_id(integer) Emp_name(string) Emp_city (string) Assume that
    Emp_id is unique.
    {Use the structure for creating data base}
    A) Write a function to create a database of five employees. Here, data
    should me taken from the user.
    B) Write a function to find out the employee record from this data base on
    the base of Emp_id.
    C) Write a function to sort the employee records on the base of
    Emp_id. D) Write a function to count the number of employees in data
    base.
    E) d. Write a function to add 5 more records in data base.

2. WAP to find the number of occurences of each element of an array in that
array.

3. WAP to find the nth element of the fibonacci series using recursion.

4. WAP to reverse an array using pointers.

5. Write a program that will read a line and delete from it all occurrences of a
particular word using pointers.

6. Write a program using functions to define a structure to describe a Book with
attributes such as title, author, no. of pages, price, number of sold copies, total
amount of sold copies etc. Declare an array of book and do the following
operations:
    a. Reading book array and populating values in it.
    b. Printing book array and displaying each attribute of each book in the
    array. c. Find and print details of a book with maximum pages
    d. Find and print details of a book with minimum cost.
    e. Compute and store total amount of money earned by selling the books.

7. Write a C program to read the full name of the customers and their telephone
numbers. Full name includes Surname followed by first name and then the middle
name. Reconstruct the customer's full names with surname first followed by comma
(,) and initials of the first and middle names. Display this customer list along with
their telephone no.
    E.g Ghokle Suraj Ram 9876512345
    should be written as
    Ghokle,S.R 9876512345

        Input to the program:
        Enter names and telephone numbers
        sharma anil sudhir 1234
        verma mona abhay 9876
        garg sona abhi 7654
        modak tinu pintu 9870
        shree sahab sumit 8765
        Output of the program:
        Customer list
        garg,s.a 7654
        modak,t.p 9870
        sharma,a.s 1234
        shree,s.s 8765
        verma,m.a 9876


8. Write a program to find and replace a pattern (series of characters) in a sentence.
Sentence and pattern are taken from the user.


9. WAP to find and remove the duplicate occurrences of an element in
an array and display the modified array.


10. Write a program to find an integer using following algorithms:
    a. Linear Search
    b. Binary Search (Take the sorted list as input)


11. Create an array of 10 elements using malloc functions. Further, read the array
from user and print the array.


12. Write a program for matrix multiplication and matrix addition.


13. Write a program to perform various operations on 3D array i.e. Insertion,
Deletion and Searching of element.


14. WAP to check matrix is Sparse matrix or not.